Then, well, because we have lived many
stages, we have raised a lot of
funding and two years ago, because
we had to make some decisions of the
era, hear, we have raised a lot
of capital, we continue to push this
model that we no longer see it scalable
or we make the decision
to change it.
And that was when we turned around
and what we did was, having all
the experience of capturing candidates,
we decided to transform them into
a temporary work company but
much more digitized.
That is, just like low-cost
mobile operators, because
they work much more with
technology or have much more
optimized processes, why
not put the same low-cost
model, like airlines, which
are low-cost?
If you do so with the employment
sector, the temporary employment
sector, as there are temporary
work companies, either in
Randstad, ADECO, Manpower,
which have very high structural
costs and quite rudimentary
processes, why not digitize
all those processes?
And in a way we optimize much
more the costs to create the
low cost of staffing, of hiring.
What do you offer to the user who is looking
for a job?
What do you offer to the company
that is looking for a job?
How can you reach them?
What is the capture model of
each of them?
Tell us a little more about who you
are paying for?
Well look, there the candidate or
employee what they are looking for
is work, then that employee
or that candidate will always
be trying to look through all
the sources that they
can any type of job.
And I Pantalen in that case is one more,
in that sense we can not say that
we offer something super special,
it is true that we move a lot of
employment, but it also moves a lot
of employment and many companies,
since the traditional ones.
So what we do is also think, apart
from taking care of that candidate,
just like other temporary work
companies can do, what things
we can do to him Because basically
there are three things we
call volume, speed
and quality.
In the end, we were born
in a digital world where
for us, capturing candidates
is much easier than it
can be for a traditional one.
A traditional one for you to get
an idea has offices across Spain
or around the world where people
go and ask if they can
help them find employment.
We do not have structural costs,
we do not have offices and directly
what we do is communicate through
the internet, hear we have
these job offers with these companies,
we demand these positions,
if you are interested
let us know.
Then from there we capture candidates
every day at very high levels
in terms of volume and the
part of those candidates
we have solution.